Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct
Our Pledge
We as members, contributors, and leaders pledge to make participation in our community a harassment-free experience for everyone.
We pledge to act and interact in ways that contribute to an open, welcoming, and healthy community.

Our Standards
Examples of behavior that contributes to a positive environment for our community include:

Demonstrating empathy and kindness toward other people
Being respectful of differing opinions, viewpoints, and experiences
Giving and gracefully accepting constructive feedback
Accepting responsibility and apologizing to those affected by our mistakes, and learning from the experience
Focusing on what is best not just for us as individuals, but for the overall community
Examples of unacceptable behavior include:

The use of sexualized language or imagery, and sexual attention or advances of any kind
Trolling, insulting or derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks
Public or private harassment
Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or email address, without their explicit permission
Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a professional setting
Enforcement Responsibilities
Community leaders are responsible for clarifying and enforcing our standards of acceptable behavior and will take appropriate and fair corrective action in response to any behavior that they deem inappropriate, threatening, offensive, or harmful.

Community leaders have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct, and will communicate reasons for moderation decisions when appropriate.

Scope
This Code of Conduct applies within all community spaces, and also applies when an individual is officially representing the community in public spaces. Examples of representing our community include using an official email address, posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed representative at an online or offline event.

Enforcement
Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported to the community leaders responsible for enforcement at conduct@ethicalsource.dev. All complaints will be reviewed and investigated promptly and fairly.

All community leaders are obligated to respect the privacy and security of the reporter of any incident.

Enforcement Guidelines
Community leaders will follow these Community Impact Guidelines in determining the consequences for any action they deem in violation of this Code of Conduct:

1. Correction
Community Impact: Use of inappropriate language or other behavior deemed unprofessional or unwelcome in the community.

Consequence: A private, written warning from community leaders, providing clarity around the nature of the violation and an explanation of why the behavior was inappropriate. A public apology may be requested.

2. Warning
Community Impact: A violation through a single incident or series of actions.

Consequence: A warning with consequences for continued behavior. No interaction with the people involved, including unsolicited interaction with those enforcing the Code of Conduct, for a specified period of time. This includes avoiding interactions in community spaces as well as external channels like social media. Violating these terms may lead to a temporary or permanent ban.

3. Temporary Ban
Community Impact: A serious violation of community standards, including sustained inappropriate behavior.

Consequence: A temporary ban from any sort of interaction or public communication with the community for a specified period of time. No public or private interaction with the people involved, including unsolicited interaction with those enforcing the Code of Conduct, is allowed during this period. Violating these terms may lead to a permanent ban.

4. Permanent Ban
Community Impact: Demonstrating a pattern of violation of community standards, including sustained inappropriate behavior, harassment of an individual, or aggression toward or disparagement of classes of individuals.

Consequence: A permanent ban from any sort of public interaction within the community.

Attribution
This Code of Conduct is adapted from the Contributor Covenant, version 2.1, available at https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/1/code_of_conduct.html.

Community Impact Guidelines were inspired by Mozilla's code of conduct enforcement ladder.

For answers to common questions about this code of conduct, see the FAQ at https://www.contributor-covenant.org/faq. Translations are available at https://www.contributor-covenant.org/translations.

1. History
This document was originally called a "Code of Conduct" and was created for the purpose of filling in a box on "supplier registration" forms submitted to the <VARIOUS TEAM> developers by some clients. However, we subsequently learned that "Code of Conduct" has a very specific and almost sacred meaning to some readers, a meaning to which this document does not conform [1][2][3]. Therefore this document was renamed to "Code of Ethics", as we are encouraged to do by rule 71 in particular and also rules 2, 8, 9, 18, 19, 30, 66, and in the spirit of all the rest.
This document continues to be used for its original purpose - providing a reference to fill in the "code of conduct" box on supplier registration forms.
2. Purpose
The founder of <VARIOUS TEAM>, and all of the current developers at the time when this document was composed, have pledged to govern their interactions with each other, with their clients, and with the larger <VARIOUS TEAM> user community in accordance with the "instruments of good works" from chapter 4 of The Rule of St. Benedict (hereafter: "The Rule"). This code of ethics has proven its mettle in thousands of diverse communities for over 1,500 years, and has served as a baseline for many civil law codes since the time of Charlemagne.
2.1. Scope of Application
No one is required to follow The Rule, to know The Rule, or even to think that The Rule is a good idea. The Founder of <VARIOUS TEAM> believes that anyone who follows The Rule will live a happier and more productive life, but individuals are free to dispute or ignore that advice if they wish.
The founder of <VARIOUS TEAM> and all current developers have pledged to follow the spirit of The Rule to the best of their ability. They view The Rule as their promise to all <VARIOUS TEAM> users of how the developers are expected to behave. This is a one-way promise, or covenant. In other words, the developers are saying: "We will treat you this way regardless of how you treat us."
3. The Rule
    1. First of all, love the Lord God with your whole heart, your whole soul, and your whole strength.
    2. Then, love your neighbor as yourself.
    3. Do not murder.
    4. Do not commit adultery.
    5. Do not steal.
    6. Do not covet.
    7. Do not bear false witness.
    8. Honor all people.
    9. Do not do to another what you would not have done to yourself.
    10. Deny oneself in order to follow Christ.
    11. Chastise the body.
    12. Do not become attached to pleasures.
    13. Love fasting.
    14. Relieve the poor.
    15. Clothe the naked.
    16. Visit the sick.
    17. Bury the dead.
    18. Be a help in times of trouble.
    19. Console the sorrowing.
    20. Be a stranger to the world's ways.
    21. Prefer nothing more than the love of Christ.
    22. Do not give way to anger.
    23. Do not nurse a grudge.
    24. Do not entertain deceit in your heart.
    25. Do not give a false peace.
    26. Do not forsake charity.
    27. Do not swear, for fear of perjuring yourself.
    28. Utter only truth from heart and mouth.
    29. Do not return evil for evil.
    30. Do no wrong to anyone, and bear patiently wrongs done to yourself.
    31. Love your enemies.
    32. Do not curse those who curse you, but rather bless them.
    33. Bear persecution for justice's sake.
    34. Be not proud.
    35. Be not addicted to wine.
    36. Be not a great eater.
    37. Be not drowsy.
    38. Be not lazy.
    39. Be not a grumbler.
    40. Be not a detractor.
    41. Put your hope in God.
    42. Attribute to God, and not to self, whatever good you see in yourself.
    43. Recognize always that evil is your own doing, and to impute it to yourself.
    44. Fear the Day of Judgment.
    45. Be in dread of hell.
    46. Desire eternal life with all the passion of the spirit.
    47. Keep death daily before your eyes.
    48. Keep constant guard over the actions of your life.
    49. Know for certain that God sees you everywhere.
    50. When wrongful thoughts come into your heart, dash them against Christ immediately.
    51. Disclose wrongful thoughts to your spiritual mentor.
    52. Guard your tongue against evil and depraved speech.
    53. Do not love much talking.
    54. Speak no useless words or words that move to laughter.
    55. Do not love much or boisterous laughter.
    56. Listen willingly to holy reading.
    57. Devote yourself frequently to prayer.
    58. Daily in your prayers, with tears and sighs, confess your past sins to God, and amend them for the future.
    59. Fulfill not the desires of the flesh; hate your own will.
    60. Obey in all things the commands of those whom God has placed in authority over you even though they (which God forbid) should act otherwise, mindful of the Lord's precept, "Do what they say, but not what they do."
    61. Do not wish to be called holy before one is holy; but first to be holy, that you may be truly so called.
    62. Fulfill God's commandments daily in your deeds.
    63. Love chastity.
    64. Hate no one.
    65. Be not jealous, nor harbor envy.
    66. Do not love quarreling.
    67. Shun arrogance.
    68. Respect your seniors.
    69. Love your juniors.
    70. Pray for your enemies in the love of Christ.
    71. Make peace with your adversary before the sun sets.
    72. Never despair of God's mercy.
